
1))In the specific idiomatic case of “to do X” vs “for/from doing X”

-->	Always choose “to do X”


18. Warning that computers in the United States are not secure, the National Academy of Sciences has urged the nation to revamp computer security procedures, institute new emergency response teams, creating a special nongovernment organization to take charge of computer security planning.

(D) and create a special nongovernment organization for taking
(E) and create a special nongovernment organization to take        ::::correct

In the specific idiomatic case of “for doing X” vs “does X”

-->	Always choose “does X”


2))idiomatic usage of the phrase – dated to be. ::incorrect
 The correct idiom is ‘dated at’.
 
 
 3) correct usage
 method for and method to
 
------> when speaking in manners of procedures or a way to do something (using the word method), use "method for".
------> But when speaking in manners of using a certain method to find out or conclude something, use "method to". 

4)The correct idiom is 'method for diagnosing'


5))'recent well-received beta launch' is correct ::: ex of cumultative adjective
big old shaggy dog :: ex of cumulative adjective


6))I am always impressed by your honest, insightful remarks.  :::: ex of cordinate adjective   ::: belongs to own descriptive category

honest --quality
insightful--quality


7)As X........As Y
three times AS many institutions charge fees of under $8,000 a year ................ AS those charging over $16,000.


8) I cant be almost 3 years as old as my friend, I can be either younger/older


 Viking settlement there is almost 600 years as old as the supposedly first North American colony.    ::: incorrect
 
 older than the supposedly   :: correct
 
 
 
 
 9)between supposed(adjective) and supposedly(adverb)
 
 supposed first North American Colony -- > In this case supposed is modifying North American Colony; this will mean that the we doubt the existence of the North American Colony. This would be illogical as we are comparing the age of something to the North American colony.

supposedly first North American Colony --> This makes more sense, as an adverb "supposedly" is now modifying "first", an adjective. We now mean to say that the North American colony may or may not be the first one, a very logical meaning, thus the correct usage.



